Signed primitive integers (#13559)
coq/coq: doc/sphinx/user-extensions/syntax-extensions.rst

         sorts, primitive integers, primitive floats, primitive arrays and type
         constants for primitive types) will be considered for printing.

         .. note::

>             As a particular case, :n:`@qualid__type` can be :n:`PrimInt63.int`,
>             in which case :n:`@qualid__print` takes as input :n:`PrimInt63.int_wrapper`
>             instead of :n:`PrimInt63.int`. See below for an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            For example, :n:`@qualid__type` can be :n:`PrimInt63.int`,
            in which case :n:`@qualid__print` takes :n:`PrimInt63.int_wrapper` as input
            instead of :n:`PrimInt63.int`. See below for an
```

      Check 3.

.. _example-number-notation-primitive-int:

.. example:: Number Notation for primitive integers

>    The following example demonstrate the particular case of primitive
>    integers :n:`PrimInt63.int` as :n:`@qualid__type`. This is the way
>    parsing and printing of primitive integers are actually implemented
>    in `PrimInt63.v`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This shows the use of the primitive
   integers :n:`PrimInt63.int` as :n:`@qualid__type`. This is how
   parsing and printing of primitive integers are implemented
   in `PrimInt63.v`.
```

The `..
